h1. Referencer Plugin

Source code of the intellij IDEA "Referencer plugin":http://plugins.intellij.net/plugin?pr=&pluginId=7104
This is a plugin for the various intellij IDEs, working in IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate and Community Edition, 
RubyMine, WebStorm, PhpStorm, PyCharm, PyCharm CE, AppCode, Android Studio and 0xDBE.


h2. Description

The plugin implements an additional list of code-completion suggestions into the editor, taken from various
contexts, such as: opened file(s), selection and caret position in the editor, date and time and more.

When evoking the referencer plugin, a list of reference items, taken from the current contexts, is opened.
The references can be inserted into the current document or copied to the clipboard.

Additionally the plugin provides an option to navigate to bookmarked lines in the current file.
The context menu of the bookmarks list allows to remove all bookmarks in the current file.


h2. Keyboard Shortcut

* Ctrl+Shift+Alt+C twice - Open list of references for copying to clipboard
* Ctrl+Shift+Alt+V twice - Open list of references for inserting into the current document
* Ctrl+Shift+Alt+G twice - Open list of jump destinations in the current file for going to

*Mac Users:* On Macs, the keyboard shortcuts are Shift+Alt+Cmd+C twice (copy), Shift+Alt+Cmd+V twice (paste) or Shift+Alt+Cmd+G twice (go)

The list can be cancelled via Esc key, navigated using cursor keys and items are selected using Enter.


h2. Types of references to copy or insert

All parsed items in the following list are relative to the current caret position,
for example "previous classname" refers to the first classname found when searching backwards starting
from the caret position. Some references are only specifically available for certain file types.

* Current date/time formatted as YYYY-MM-DD and YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS
* Current UNIX timestamp in seconds and milliseconds

* Path to current file
* Current filename
* Current filename::line number
* Path to current file::line number
* When having a multi-line selection: File path / selection: line num. sel. start - line num. sel. end
* When having opened more than one file: list of paths to all opened files

* PHP files: list of method names in current file
* PHP files: previous classname::previous method name
* PHP files: previous classname::line number
* PHP files: previous classname
* PHP files: previous function name
* PHP files: previous/next variable name

* JavaScript files: namespace.classname
* JavaScript files: namespace.classname.previous method name
* JavaScript files: namespace.classname::line number
* JavaScript files: previous/next method name
* JavaScript files: file path formatted as namespace

* General word-completions: all continuations to the word to the left of the caret, found in the current file


h2. Types of references to go to:<br/>

* All lines with bookmarks in the current file
* All lines with PHP or JavaScript method declarations in the current file
* All lines with occurrences of any of the configured dynamic jump patterns in the current file


h2. Changelog

Read full changelog: https://github.com/kstenschke/referencer-plugin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.textile


h2. License

Copyright 2012-2017 Kay Stenschke

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
